brings everyone from Orlando Florida
tonight we bring you the rookie
challenge here at the beautiful Amway
Center as the rookies look at you hey
farms starting lineups first for the
rookies Kemba Walker is out there with
Alec Burks
Bennett's Derek Lowe you and it's Morris
in it before
and for the supple all out there with
Evan Turner and it's demarcus cousins
knocking down the middle vendors griffin
and it's Patterson in at the four-man
position what's good fellows welcome to
another episode of my player and today
we have a rookie versus sophomore game
and all-star break and I know it's been
a while since i posted my last video two
weeks to be exact and I do apologize for
that but the reason I haven't been able
to post it is because I had to do my
exams and after that I had to find a new
place to live so it's kind of hectic for
me for past couple weeks and now that
I'm settled in or halfway settled in I'm
kind of getting used to new place and
now I have some time to do a commentary
I mean the commentator was lasting on my
mind before that so I do apologize for
not posting and not keeping you updated
I just didn't have enough time but now
I'm back better than ever guys and if
you don't believe me just watch this
clip yes siree Blake Griffin just got
posterized by Dwight Powell oh my god
that's a ridiculous down poor fella
didn't even see it coming and we're
gonna look at it one more time just to
be sure it was Blake Griffin and look at
his facial expression right after he
gets dunked on he just walks away
pretending like nothing happened but I'm
definitely saving that poster and I'm
gonna send it to him I signed and
delivered of course that was a nasty
dunk and as you could imagine Blake
Griffin wasn't too thrilled about this
Duncan he's gonna go right back into the
paint this time he's gonna dunk on me
let's look at in slow motion he
definitely dunked on me that was my
first time getting dunked on by that i
mean a contact dunk that was a nice
flush from blake griffin and kind of
shook me there so i went right back into
the paint and this time Evan Turner was
the victim as he's gonna get dunked on
in the pain that was a nasty dunk and I
think I was better than Blake Griffin
actually in the comments section down
below tell me which dunk was better me
dunking on Blake Griffin or vice versa
him dunking on me so tell me in the
comments section and I
want to see what do you guys think of
that as I kick it out to Kemba Walker
and he did not want to shoot that
mid-ranger even a 3 whenever I passed it
to him so I didn't get a lot assist
whenever I pass through Kemba Walker
which kind of pissed me off and john
wall is gonna get the lucky bounce
nailing from downtown the heel is really
the main guy for the sophomores doing
everything for them and look at this
beautiful connection from Kyrie Irving
to alec burks and you guys saw that
screen that i kind of said i was posting
up but it worked and that was a nice
connection from the point guard in the
shooting garden and alec burks in my
mind is very underrated as i get into
the paint and look at Blake Griffin
taking a flop instead of risking getting
dunked on twice I guess that was a wise
choice and I'm gonna try to dunk on him
in the second half let's see if I could
do that
and welcome everyone to an all-star
break edition of HP at the half let's
get you started a terrific start for the
sophomores they've been phenomenal
offensively scoring effortlessly a great
performance by to mark his cousins in
the first half he's got 10 points in a
terrific field goal percentage getting
his points with limited attempts the
rookies have been plugging away they've
been putting a lot of defensive pressure
on the other team taking care of the
rock offensively fundamental basketball
both sides of the court getting it done
early alec burks he's chipped in for
points who's been a huge helper on the
boards as well you got a pair of guys
here who've been huge factors so far
tonight and that'll wrap it up here now
back to Kevin Harlan and the crew for
the second half I'm sure Blake Griffin
made a mental note not to be in the
paint when I'm going inside but we're
gonna start off the second half with a
nice alley-oop connection from Campbell
Walker and I mean it is an all-star
weekend after all so you got to see some
alley oops that was a nice connection in
transition as I finish it strong at the
rim and we are down by 12 so I'm trying
to make a comeback and hopefully spark
my team as I do a nice post fade away
that was a nice shimmy shot it over to
people John Wall and Patrick Patterson
former Kentucky players as I had a nice
mid-range there and we're still down by
12 and John Wall nice pass to Blake
Griffin and a lot of times I see this
CPUs cherry-pick right after the inbound
play so that was kind of hard to stop
and Blake Griffin got an easy dunk and
the shooting foul a shot clock winding
down John Wall nails the deep three
stretching the lead almost 2 24
sophomores as I get into the paint this
time I'm gonna dunk on Patrick Patterson
and john wall those two guys seems to be
loving to be in my highlights I don't
mind it's show for the fans and I'm
certainly enjoying playing in orlando
right at the moment i wasn't really
trying to win I was just trying to have
some fun and bring some highlights for
you guys as John Wall nails another
triple with
shot clock winding down as we approach
the end of 3rd quarter i'm going to post
up against john wall they matched me
this whole game for some reason is i'm
gonna try to dunk over DeMarcus Cousins
not quite I tried to dunk on my teammate
that'll be nasty I would have talked so
much smack in the practice if that
happened and we're gonna skip into the
fourth quarter not a lot of happening
between that because I got fouled a lot
so it was kind of boring to watch as I
nail a nice fade away there with a lucky
bounce and we end up losing 80 981 is
your final score and the score was
really deceptive because it wasn't
closed for the entire game I was just
towards the end when I got in and played
some minutes but I hope you guys enjoy
the video and actually broke the record
for most points in the rookie sophomore
game and previous winner was actually
Kevin Durant with 46 points so I was
really happy to break that record and I
think I got some achievement maybe not
i'm not sure but i got 51 points 13
rebounds pretty good stats i wasn't
really looking to win i was just looking
to get some highlights for you guys and
hopefully you guys enjoyed the game
thanks for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe if you want to
follow my player next video should be an
all-star game
great game tonight how does it feel to
come out here is a young player on such
a big stage and really showcase your
skills this is the kind of event I was
made for man I love being on a big stage
letting everyone see what the future of
the league looks like and these kind of
games are always a lot of fun to play in
with all the alley oops no look passes
and constant fast breaks above all I
showed that I'm going to be a force in
this league for years to come this game
was good for this year but next year and
every year for the rest of my career you
can expect to be seen me in a big show